Add TTL to CREATE and ALTER TABLE (#5063)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/yql-core/syntax/_includes/alter_table.md

ALTER TABLE series SET (AUTO_PARTITIONING_BY_SIZE = DISABLED);
```

> Using the `ALTER` command, you can also modify the `TTL` parameters of the table. For example, to increase the delay interval for record deletion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `ALTER TABLE` command, you can also modify the table's [TTL](../../../../concepts/ttl.md) parameters. For example, to increase the delay interval for record deletion:
```

```sql
ALTER TABLE table_name 

> SET (TTL = Interval("PT10S") ON column_name);

Reviewer: This example doesn't make sense as TTL works asynchronously and won't clean up data that fast. Usually, it's in like days, not seconds.

```

If you need to remove the `TTL` from a table, you can do so with the following command:
```sql
ALTER TABLE table_name
RESET (TTL);
```

> 

Reviewer: There's already the same example below on this page:
![Screenshot 2024-06-03 at 07 26 05](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/assets/623861/9adbfc4b-4e12-4848-8a26-d4f32fd7781a)
